Update sample to work with latest React Native SDK version (#26)
auth0-samples/auth0-react-native-sample: 00-Login/README.md

# Auth0 React Native Samples - Login

> The complete guide to get started with the [react-native-auth0](https://github.com/auth0/react-native-auth0) SDK is on the Auth0 docs link below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete guide to getting started with [react-native-auth0](https://github.com/auth0/react-native-auth0) is our [React Native QuickStart](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/native/react-native/00-login).
```

> - [Login QuickStart](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/native/react-native/00-login)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## How to run the sample app

Clone the repository and install the dependencies:

```bash

> yarn install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone git@github.com:auth0-samples/auth0-react-native-sample.git
yarn install
```

```

#### Additional step: iOS

> Change the directory into the `ios` folder. You must run the following command to install the SDK pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the directory into the `ios` folder and run the following command to install the SDK pod:
```

```bash
# cd ios/
pod install
```

You should see the `A0Auth0` pod being installed and linked to the sample app.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Auth0 Credentials 

> Open the [Auth0 dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/). Select your existing **Native** type application or create a new one. From the top of the application settings page take the `Client ID` and `Domain` values and put them in the `app/auth0-credentials.js` file. This file is being used in the `app/index.js` file to instantiate the library. You can also change and do that manually this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Auth0 dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/) and click **Applications.**
2. Select your existing Application from the list or click **Create Application** at the top to create a new one of type **Native**. 
3. On the **Settings** tab for the Application, copy the "Client ID" and "Domain" values and paste them in the `app/auth0-credentials.js` file. This file is being used in the `app/index.js` file to instantiate the library. You can also change and do that manually this way:
```

```js
import Auth0 from 'react-native-auth0';

const config = {

>   domain: 'lbalmaceda.auth0.com',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  domain: 'YOUR_DOMAIN',
```

>   clientId: '4e29mEHknIb1iKesCyeleWJUcz6fVR0O'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  clientId: 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID'
```

}

const auth0 = new Auth0(config);
```

### Deep linking setup

> The methods required to handle the browser deep link are already in place. If you need to review them, check the full article linked on top of this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The methods required to handle browser deep linking are already in place. If you need to review them, see the [React Native QuickStart](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/native/react-native/00-login).
```

> The URL that the Browser App calls back with the authentication result is created using a combination of the following values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL that the Browser App calls back with the authentication result is created using a combination of the following values:

```

Reviewer: > that the Browser App calls back with the authentication result

Not sure a great replacement but this is awkward.

- package name / product bundle identifier; currently `com.auth0samples` on both platforms.
- platform name
- auth0 domain

> If you happen to change the first remember to take note of it to update the [Auth0 dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/) configuration later.

Reviewer: What is a "dashboard configuration?" Do you mean the Application? Which field?

Author: I mean the "whitelisting url" section below, which I can ref/link actually. Let me do that.

> #### Additional step: Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Additional step for Android apps
```

Open the `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml` file and locate the Intent Filter declaration. You must update the `android:host` property to use your Auth0 domain from the step above.

```xml
<data

>   android:host="{DOMAIN}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  android:host="{YOUR_DOMAIN}"
```

  android:pathPrefix="/android/${applicationId}/callback"
  android:scheme="${applicationId}" />
```

> The `applicationId` will get auto-completed dynamically.

### Whitelist the URLs

> Open one more time the [Auth0 dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/) and select your application. In the "Allowed Callback URLs" add the next 2 values separated with a comma. This is required for the authentication result to be redirected by the browser to the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Auth0 dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/), click **Applications** select your application from the list. In the "Allowed Callback URLs" field, add the 2 values below separated with a comma. This is required for the authentication result to be redirected from the browser to the app.
```

```

> com.auth0samples://lbalmaceda.auth0.com/ios/com.auth0samples/callback, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
com.auth0samples://YOUR_DOMAIN/ios/com.auth0samples/callback, 
```

> com.auth0samples://lbalmaceda.auth0.com/android/com.auth0samples/callback,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
com.auth0samples://YOUR_DOMAIN/android/com.auth0samples/callback,
```

Author: Good. Added the "remember to replace" text

```

> Do the same on the "Allowed Logout URLs". This is required for the browser to redirect to the app after logging you out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the same values to the "Allowed Logout URLs" field as well. This is required for the browser to redirect to the app after logging you out.
```

> Remember to click **SAVE** to save the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, scroll down and click **Save Changes**.
```

### Run the apps

> Run your favorite emulator or simulator, or plug your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run your app on an emulator, simulator, or your own connected device.
```
